Add S3 implementation notes in README.md (#5)
UWB-ACM/feelgood: README.md

# feelgood

An example project for UWB Hacks the Cloud, ACM's on-campus hackathon.

## S3, CloudFront, and Route53 Configuration for Static Website

We used to the following resources as a guide for configuring S3 buckets to host the subscription website:

[Setting Up a Static Website Using a Custom Domain Name Registered with Route 53](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/website-hosting-custom-domain-walkthrough.html)<br>
This guide will walk you through how to register a custom domain using Route 53 and create/configure two S3 buckets to serve as containers for the contents of your website.

[Setting up a Static Website](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/HostingWebsiteOnS3Setup.html)<br>

> If you don't wish to buy a custom domain, use this guide instead. Your website will still be publicly accessible with a link that resembles the following: `http://your-bucket-name.s3-website-us-west-2.amazonaws.com`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't wish to buy a custom domain, use this guide instead. Your website will still be publicly accessible with a link that resembles the following: `http://your-bucket-name.s3-website-your-aws-region.amazonaws.com`
```
